# Chrome flags

## What is this?

This is a list of CLI flags available to Google Chrome.

You can find the list directly in [source code](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/refs/heads/main/chrome/common/chrome_switches.cc). But I was looking for a more readable way, so I wrote parser and generator of this list.

## Flags

Last updated: 8/21/2024, 12:25:08 AM

<details><summary><code>accept-lang</code> </summary><div><p>----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Can't find the switch you are looking for? Try looking in: ash/constants/ash_switches.cc base/base_switches.cc etc. When commenting your switch, please use the same voice as surrounding comments. Imagine "This switch..." at the beginning of the phrase, and it'll all work out. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Specifies Accept-Language to send to servers and expose to JavaScript via the navigator.language DOM property. language[-country] where language is the 2 letter code from ISO-639.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-cross-origin-auth-prompt</code> </summary><div><p>Allows third-party content included on a page to prompt for a HTTP basic auth username/password pair.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-http-screen-capture</code> </summary><div><p>Allow non-secure origins to use the screen capture API and the desktopCapture extension API.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-running-insecure-content</code> </summary><div><p>By default, an https page cannot run JavaScript, CSS or plugins from http URLs. This provides an override to get the old insecure behavior.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-silent-push</code> </summary><div><p>Allows Web Push notifications that do not show a notification.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>app</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies that the associated value should be launched in "application" mode.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>app-id</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies that the extension-app with the specified id should be launched according to its configuration.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>app-launch-url-for-shortcuts-menu-item</code> </summary><div><p>Overrides the launch url of an app with the specified url. This is used along with kAppId to launch a given app with the url corresponding to an item in the app's shortcuts menu.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>app-mode-auth-code</code> </summary><div><p>Value of GAIA auth code for --force-app-mode.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>app-mode-oauth-token</code> </summary><div><p>Value of OAuth2 refresh token for --force-app-mode.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>app-run-on-os-login-mode</code> </summary><div><p>This is used along with kAppId to indicate an app was launched during OS login, and which mode the app was launched in.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>apps-gallery-download-url</code> </summary><div><p>Overrides the URL that the webstore APIs download extensions from. Note: the URL must contain one '%s' for the extension ID.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>apps-gallery-update-url</code> </summary><div><p>Overrides the update url used by webstore extensions.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>apps-gallery-url</code> </summary><div><p>Overrides the url that the browser treats as the webstore, granting it the webstore APIs and giving it some special protections.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auth-server-allowlist</code> </summary><div><p>Allowlist for Negotiate Auth servers</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auto-open-devtools-for-tabs</code> </summary><div><p>This flag makes Chrome auto-open DevTools window for each tab. It is intended to be used by developers and automation to not require user interaction for opening DevTools.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auto-select-desktop-capture-source</code> </summary><div><p>This flag makes Chrome auto-select the provided choice when an extension asks permission to start desktop capture. Should only be used for tests. For instance, --auto-select-desktop-capture-source="Entire screen" will automatically select sharing the entire screen in English locales. The switch value only needs to be substring of the capture source name, i.e. "display" would match "Built-in display" and "External display", whichever comes first.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auto-select-tab-capture-source-by-title</code> </summary><div><p>This flag makes Chrome auto-select a tab with the provided title when the media-picker should otherwise be displayed to the user. This switch is very similar to kAutoSelectDesktopCaptureSource, but limits selection to tabs. This solves the issue of kAutoSelectDesktopCaptureSource being liable to accidentally capturing the Chromium window instead of the tab, as both have the same title if the tab is focused.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auto-select-window-capture-source-by-title</code> </summary><div><p>This flag makes Chrome auto-select a window with the provided title when the media-picker should otherwise be displayed to the user. This switch is very similar to kAutoSelectDesktopCaptureSource, but limits selection to the window.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>check-for-update-interval</code> </summary><div><p>How often (in seconds) to check for updates. Should only be used for testing purposes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>cipher-suite-blacklist</code> </summary><div><p>Comma-separated list of SSL cipher suites to disable.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>crash-on-hang-threads</code> </summary><div><p>Comma-separated list of BrowserThreads that cause browser process to crash if the given browser thread is not responsive. UI/IO are the BrowserThreads that are supported. For example: --crash-on-hang-threads=UI:18,IO:18 --> Crash the browser if UI or IO is not responsive for 18 seconds while the other browser thread is responsive.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>create-browser-on-startup-for-tests</code> </summary><div><p>Some platforms like ChromeOS default to empty desktop. Browser tests may need to add this switch so that at least one browser instance is created on startup. TODO(nkostylev): Investigate if this switch could be removed. (http://crbug.com/148675)</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>credits</code> </summary><div><p>Prints licensing information (same content as found in about:credits) and quits.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>custom-devtools-frontend</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies the http:// endpoint which will be used to serve devtools://devtools/custom/<path> Or a file:// URL to specify a custom file path to load from for devtools://devtools/bundled/<path></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>debug-packed-apps</code> </summary><div><p>Adds debugging entries such as Inspect Element to context menus of packed apps.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>devtools-flags</code> </summary><div><p>Passes command line parameters to the DevTools front-end.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>diagnostics</code> </summary><div><p>Triggers a plethora of diagnostic modes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>diagnostics-format</code> </summary><div><p>Sets the output format for diagnostic modes enabled by diagnostics flag.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>diagnostics-recovery</code> </summary><div><p>Tells the diagnostics mode to do the requested recovery step(s).</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-auto-maximize-for-tests</code> </summary><div><p>Disables the auto maximize feature on ChromeOS so that a browser window always starts in normal state. This is used by tests that do not want this auto maximizing behavior.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-background-networking</code> </summary><div><p>Disable several subsystems which run network requests in the background. This is for use when doing network performance testing to avoid noise in the measurements.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-component-extensions-with-background-pages</code> </summary><div><p>Disable default component extensions with background pages - useful for performance tests where these pages may interfere with perf results.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-component-update</code> </summary><div></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-crashpad-for-testing</code> </summary><div><p>Disables crashpad initialization for testing. The crashpad binary will not run, and thus will not detect and symbolize crashes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-default-apps</code> </summary><div><p>Disables installation of default apps on first run. This is used during automated testing.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-domain-reliability</code> </summary><div><p>Disables Domain Reliability Monitoring.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-extensions</code> </summary><div><p>Disable extensions.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-extensions-except</code> </summary><div><p>Disable extensions except those specified in a comma-separated list.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-lazy-loading</code> </summary><div><p>Disables lazy loading of images and frames.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-nacl</code> </summary><div><p>Disables NaCl. If kEnableNaCl is also set, this switch takes precedence.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-print-preview</code> </summary><div><p>Disables print preview (For testing, and for users who don't like us. :[ )</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-prompt-on-repost</code> </summary><div><p>Normally when the user attempts to navigate to a page that was the result of a post we prompt to make sure they want to. This switch may be used to disable that check. This switch is used during automated testing.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-stack-profiler</code> </summary><div><p>Disable stack profiling. Stack profiling may change performance. Disabling stack profiling is beneficial when comparing performance metrics with a build that has it disabled by default.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-zero-browsers-open-for-tests</code> </summary><div><p>Some tests seem to require the application to close when the last browser window is closed. Thus, we need a switch to force this behavior for ChromeOS Aura, disable "zero window mode". TODO(pkotwicz): Investigate if this bug can be removed. (http://crbug.com/119175)</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disk-cache-dir</code> </summary><div><p>Use a specific disk cache location, rather than one derived from the UserDatadir.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disk-cache-size</code> </summary><div><p>Forces the maximum disk space to be used by the disk cache, in bytes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>dump-browser-histograms</code> </summary><div><p>Requests that a running browser process dump its collected histograms to a given file. The file is overwritten if it exists.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-audio-debug-recordings-from-extension</code> </summary><div><p>If the WebRTC logging private API is active, enables audio debug recordings.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-bookmark-undo</code> </summary><div><p>Enables the multi-level undo system for bookmarks.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-cloud-print-proxy</code> </summary><div><p>This applies only when the process type is "service". Enables the Cloud Print Proxy component within the service process.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-domain-reliability</code> </summary><div><p>Enables Domain Reliability Monitoring.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-download-warning-improvements</code> </summary><div><p>Enables a number of UI improvements to downloads, download scanning, and download warnings.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-extension-activity-logging</code> </summary><div><p>Enables logging for extension activity.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-extension-activity-log-testing</code> </summary><div></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-unsafe-extension-debugging</code> </summary><div><p>Enables installing/uninstalling extensions at runtime via Chrome DevTools Protocol if the protocol client is connected over --remote-debugging-pipe.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-hangout-services-extension-for-testing</code> </summary><div><p>Force enabling HangoutServicesExtension.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-nacl</code> </summary><div><p>Allows NaCl to run in all contexts (such as open web). Note that kDisableNaCl disables NaCl in all contexts and takes precedence.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-net-benchmarking</code> </summary><div><p>Enables the network-related benchmarking extensions.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-potentially-annoying-security-features</code> </summary><div><p>Enables a number of potentially annoying security features (strict mixed content mode, powerful feature restrictions, etc.)</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>explicitly-allowed-ports</code> </summary><div><p>Allows overriding the list of restricted ports by passing a comma-separated list of port numbers.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>extension-content-verification</code> </summary><div><p>Name of the command line flag to force content verification to be on in one of various modes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>bootstrap</code> </summary><div><p>Values for the kExtensionContentVerification flag. See ContentVerifierDelegate::Mode for more explanation.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enforce</code> </summary><div></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enforce_strict</code> </summary><div></div></details>
<details><summary><code>extensions-install-verification</code> </summary><div><p>Turns on extension install verification if it would not otherwise have been turned on.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>extensions-not-webstore</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies a comma-separated list of extension ids that should be forced to be treated as not from the webstore when doing install verification.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>extensions-toolbar-zero-state-variation</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies the variation of Zero State extensions toolbar recommendation to show. When a user with zero extensions installed clicks on the extensions puzzle piece in the Chrome toolbar, Chrome displays a submenu suggesting the user to explore the Chrome Web Store.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>extensions-toolbar-zero-state-single-web-store-link</code> </summary><div><p>This variation of the Zero State extensions toolbar recommendation presents the user with a single link to the Chrome Web Store home page.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>extensions-toolbar-zero-state-explore-extensions-by-category</code> </summary><div><p>This variation of the Zero State extensions toolbar recommendation suggests extension categories the user can explore in the Chrome Web Store. (e.g. find coupons, increase productivity)</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-app-mode</code> </summary><div><p>Forces application mode. This hides certain system UI elements and forces the app to be installed if it hasn't been already.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-devtools-available</code> </summary><div><p>Forces developer tools availability, no matter what values the enterprise policies DeveloperToolsDisabled and DeveloperToolsAvailability are set to.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-first-run</code> </summary><div><p>Displays the First Run experience when the browser is started, regardless of whether or not it's actually the First Run (this overrides kNoFirstRun).</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-whats-new</code> </summary><div><p>Displays the What's New experience when the browser is started if it has not yet been shown for the current milestone (this overrides kNoFirstRun, without showing the First Run experience).</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>hide-crash-restore-bubble</code> </summary><div><p>Does not show the crash restore bubble when the browser is started during the system startup phase in ChromeOS, if the ChromeOS full restore feature is enabled, because the ChromeOS full restore notification is shown for the user to select restore or not.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>homepage</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies which page will be displayed in newly-opened tabs. We need this for testing purposes so that the UI tests don't depend on what comes up for http://google.com.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>incognito</code> </summary><div><p>Causes the initial browser opened to be in incognito mode. Further browsers may or may not be in incognito mode; see `IncognitoModePrefs`.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>initial-preferences-file</code> </summary><div><p>Manually sets the initial preferences file. This is required to change the initial preferences when the default file is read-only (eg. on lacros). Passing this flag will reset the preferences regardless of whether this is the first run.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_LACROS)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>init-isolate-as-foreground</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies that the main-thread Isolate should initialize in foreground mode. If not specified, the the Isolate will start in background mode for extension processes and foreground mode otherwise.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>install-autogenerated-theme</code> </summary><div><p>Installs an autogenerated theme based on the given RGB value. The format is "r,g,b", where r, g, b are a numeric values from 0 to 255.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>install-chrome-app</code> </summary><div><p>Causes Chrome to initiate an installation flow for the given app.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>install-isolated-web-app-from-file</code> </summary><div><p>Causes Chrome to install the unsigned Web Bundle at the given path as a developer mode Isolated Web App.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>install-isolated-web-app-from-url</code> </summary><div><p>Causes Chrome to install a developer mode Isolated Web App whose contents are hosted at the given HTTP(S) URL.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>instant-process</code> </summary><div><p>Marks a renderer as an Instant process.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>keep-alive-for-test</code> </summary><div><p>Used for testing - keeps browser alive after last browser window closes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>kiosk</code> </summary><div><p>Enable kiosk mode. Please note this is not Chrome OS kiosk mode.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>kiosk-printing</code> </summary><div><p>Enable automatically pressing the print button in print preview.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>make-default-browser</code> </summary><div><p>Makes Chrome default browser</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>monitoring-destination-id</code> </summary><div><p>Allows setting a different destination ID for connection-monitoring GCM messages. Useful when running against a non-prod management server.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>native-messaging-connect-host</code> </summary><div><p>Requests a native messaging connection be established between the native messaging host named by this switch and the extension with ID specified by kNativeMessagingConnectExtension.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>native-messaging-connect-extension</code> </summary><div><p>Requests a native messaging connection be established between the extension with ID specified by this switch and the native messaging host named by the kNativeMessagingConnectHost switch.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>native-messaging-connect-id</code> </summary><div><p>If set when kNativeMessagingConnectHost and kNativeMessagingConnectExtension are specified, is reflected to the native messaging host as a command line parameter.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-default-browser-check</code> </summary><div><p>Disables the default browser check. Useful for UI/browser tests where we want to avoid having the default browser info-bar displayed.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-experiments</code> </summary><div><p>Disables all experiments set on about:flags. Does not disable about:flags itself. Useful if an experiment makes chrome crash at startup: One can start chrome with --no-experiments, disable the problematic lab at about:flags and then restart chrome without this switch again.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-first-run</code> </summary><div><p>Skip First Run tasks as well as not showing additional dialogs, prompts or bubbles. Suppressing dialogs, prompts, and bubbles is important as this switch is used by automation (including performance benchmarks) where it's important only a browser window is shown. This may not actually be the first run or the What's New page. Its effect can be partially ignored by adding kForceFirstRun (for FRE), kForceWhatsNew (for What's New) and/or kIgnoreNoFirstRunForSearchEngineChoiceScreen (for the DSE choice screen). This does not drop the First Run sentinel and thus doesn't prevent first run from occurring the next time chrome is launched without this flag. It also does not update the last What's New milestone, so does not prevent What's New from occurring the next time chrome is launched without this flag.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-pings</code> </summary><div><p>Don't send hyperlink auditing pings</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-proxy-server</code> </summary><div><p>Don't use a proxy server, always make direct connections. Overrides any other proxy server flags that are passed.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-service-autorun</code> </summary><div><p>Disables the service process from adding itself as an autorun process. This does not delete existing autorun registrations, it just prevents the service from registering a new one.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-startup-window</code> </summary><div><p>Does not automatically open a browser window on startup (used when launching Chrome for the purpose of hosting background apps).</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>on-the-fly-mhtml-hash-computation</code> </summary><div><p>Calculate the hash of an MHTML file as it is being saved. The browser process will write the serialized MHTML contents to a file and calculate its hash as it is streamed back from the renderer via a Mojo data pipe.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>new-window</code> </summary><div><p>Launches URL in new browser window.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>pack-extension</code> </summary><div><p>Packages an extension to a .crx installable file from a given directory.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>pack-extension-key</code> </summary><div><p>Optional PEM private key to use in signing packaged .crx.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>pre-crashpad-crash-test</code> </summary><div><p>Causes the browser process to crash very early in startup, just before crashpad (or breakpad) is initialized.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>prediction-service-mock-likelihood</code> </summary><div><p>Used to mock the response received from the Web Permission Prediction Service. Used for testing.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>preinstalled-web-apps-dir</code> </summary><div><p>A directory where Chrome looks for json files describing default/preinstalled web apps. This overrides any default directory to load preinstalled web apps from.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>privet-ipv6-only</code> </summary><div><p>Use IPv6 only for privet HTTP.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>product-version</code> </summary><div><p>Outputs the product version information and quit. Used as an internal api to detect the installed version of Chrome on Linux.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>profile-directory</code> </summary><div><p>Selects directory of profile to associate with the first browser launched.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>ignore-profile-directory-if-not-exists</code> </summary><div><p>If provided with kProfileDirectory, does not create the profile if the profile directory doesn't exist.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>profile-email</code> </summary><div><p>Like kProfileDirectory, but selects the profile by email address. If the email is not found in any existing profile, this switch has no effect. If both kProfileDirectory and kProfileUserName are specified, kProfileDirectory takes priority.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>proxy-auto-detect</code> </summary><div><p>Forces proxy auto-detection.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>proxy-bypass-list</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies a list of hosts for whom we bypass proxy settings and use direct connections. Ignored if --proxy-auto-detect or --no-proxy-server are also specified. This is a comma-separated list of bypass rules. See: "net/proxy_resolution/proxy_bypass_rules.h" for the format of these rules.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>proxy-pac-url</code> </summary><div><p>Uses the pac script at the given URL</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>remote-debugging-targets</code> </summary><div><p>Porvides a list of addresses to discover DevTools remote debugging targets. The format is <host>:<port>,...,<host>:port.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>restart</code> </summary><div><p>Indicates that Chrome was restarted (e.g., after a flag change). This is used to ignore the launch when recording the Launch.Mode2 metric.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>restore-last-session</code> </summary><div><p>Indicates the last session should be restored on startup. This overrides the preferences value. Note that this does not force automatic session restore following a crash, so as to prevent a crash loop. This switch is used to implement support for OS-specific "continue where you left off" functionality on OS X and Windows.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>save-page-as-mhtml</code> </summary><div><p>Disable saving pages as HTML-only, disable saving pages as HTML Complete (with a directory of sub-resources). Enable only saving pages as MHTML. See http://crbug.com/120416 for how to remove this switch.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>screen-capture-audio-default-unchecked</code> </summary><div><p>This flag sets the checkboxes for sharing audio during screen capture to off by default. It is primarily intended to be used for tests.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>silent-debugger-extension-api</code> </summary><div><p>Does not show an infobar when an extension attaches to a page using chrome.debugger page. Required to attach to extension background pages.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>silent-launch</code> </summary><div><p>Causes Chrome to launch without opening any windows by default. Useful if one wishes to use Chrome as an ash server.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-browsing-data-lifetime</code> </summary><div><p>Sets the BrowsingDataLifetime policy to a very short value (shorter than normally possible) for testing purposes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-critical-update</code> </summary><div><p>Simulates a critical update being available.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-elevated-recovery</code> </summary><div><p>Simulates that elevation is needed to recover upgrade channel.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-outdated</code> </summary><div><p>Simulates that current version is outdated.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-outdated-no-au</code> </summary><div><p>Simulates that current version is outdated and auto-update is off.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-upgrade</code> </summary><div><p>Simulates an update being available.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>simulate-idle-timeout</code> </summary><div><p>Sets the IdleTimeout policy to a very short value (shorter than normally possible) for testing purposes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>ssl-version-max</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies the maximum SSL/TLS version ("tls1.2" or "tls1.3").</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>ssl-version-min</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies the minimum SSL/TLS version ("tls1.2" or "tls1.3").</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>tls1.2</code> </summary><div><p>TLS 1.2 mode for |kSSLVersionMax| and |kSSLVersionMin| switches.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>tls1.3</code> </summary><div><p>TLS 1.3 mode for |kSSLVersionMax| and |kSSLVersionMin| switches.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>stack-profiler-thread-pool</code> </summary><div><p>Use the thread pool for stack profiler.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>start-maximized</code> </summary><div><p>Starts the browser maximized, regardless of any previous settings.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>start-stack-profiler</code> </summary><div><p>Starts the stack sampling profiler in the child process.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>browser-test</code> </summary><div><p>Browser test mode for the |kStartStackProfiler| switch. Limits the profile durations to be significantly less than the test timeout. On ChromeOS, forces the stack sampling profiler to run on all processes as well.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>storage-pressure-notification-interval</code> </summary><div><p>Interval, in minutes, used for storage pressure notification throttling. Useful for developers testing applications that might use non-trivial amounts of disk space.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>system-log-upload-frequency</code> </summary><div><p>Frequency in Milliseconds for system log uploads. Should only be used for testing purposes.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auto-accept-this-tab-capture</code> </summary><div><p>This flag makes Chrome auto-accept/reject requests to capture the current tab. It should only be used for tests.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auto-reject-this-tab-capture</code> </summary><div></div></details>
<details><summary><code>test-memory-log-delay-in-minutes</code> </summary><div><p>Custom delay for memory log. This should be used only for testing purpose.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>test-name</code> </summary><div><p>Passes the name of the current running automated test to Chrome.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>trusted-download-sources</code> </summary><div><p>Identifies a list of download sources as trusted, but only if proper group policy is set.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>unlimited-storage</code> </summary><div><p>Overrides per-origin quota settings to unlimited storage for any apps/origins.  This should be used only for testing purpose.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>unsafely-disable-devtools-self-xss-warnings</code> </summary><div><p>Disables warnings about self-XSS attacks when pasting into the DevTools console.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>user-data-dir</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies the user data directory, which is where the browser will look for all of its state.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>use-system-proxy-resolver</code> </summary><div><p>Uses WinHttp to resolve proxies instead of using Chromium's normal proxy resolution logic. This is only supported in Windows. TODO(crbug.com/40111093): Only use WinHttp whenever Chrome is exclusively using system proxy configs.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>validate-crx</code> </summary><div><p>Examines a .crx for validity and prints the result.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>version</code> </summary><div><p>Prints version information and quits.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>webrtc-event-log-proactive-pruning-delta</code> </summary><div><p>Sets the delay (in seconds) between proactive prunings of remote-bound WebRTC event logs which are pending upload. All positive values are legal. All negative values are illegal, and ignored. If set to 0, the meaning is "no proactive pruning".</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>webrtc-event-log-upload-delay-ms</code> </summary><div><p>WebRTC event logs will only be uploaded if the conditions hold for this many milliseconds.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>webrtc-event-log-upload-no-suppression</code> </summary><div><p>Normally, remote-bound WebRTC event logs are uploaded only when no peer connections are active. With this flag, the upload is never suppressed.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>webrtc-ip-handling-policy</code> </summary><div><p>Override WebRTC IP handling policy to mimic the behavior when WebRTC IP handling policy is specified in Preferences.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>window-name</code> </summary><div><p>Specify the initial window user title: --window-name="My custom title"</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>window-position</code> </summary><div><p>Specify the initial window position: --window-position=x,y</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>window-size</code> </summary><div><p>Specify the initial window size: --window-size=w,h</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>window-workspace</code> </summary><div><p>Specify the initial window workspace: --window-workspace=id</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>winhttp-proxy-resolver</code> </summary><div><p>Uses WinHTTP to fetch and evaluate PAC scripts. Otherwise the default is to use Chromium's network stack to fetch, and V8 to evaluate.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>win-jumplist-action</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies which category option was clicked in the Windows Jumplist that resulted in a browser startup.</p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>auth-spnego-account-type</code> </summary><div><p>Android authentication account type for SPNEGO authentication</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-device-ownership</code> </summary><div><p>Forces the device to report being owned by an enterprise. This mimics the presence of an app signaling device ownership.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-enable-night-mode</code> </summary><div><p>Forces the night mode to be enabled.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-show-update-menu-badge</code> </summary><div><p>Forces the update menu badge to show.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>force-update-menu-type</code> </summary><div><p>Forces the update menu type to a specific type.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>custom_summary</code> </summary><div><p>Forces a custom summary to be displayed below the update menu item.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>market-url-for-testing</code> </summary><div><p>Sets the market URL for Chrome for use in testing.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>request-desktop-sites</code> </summary><div><p>Force enable user agent overrides to request desktop sites in Clank.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>crosh-command</code> </summary><div><p>Custom crosh command.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-logging-redirect</code> </summary><div><p>Disables logging redirect for testing.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>disable-login-screen-apps</code> </summary><div><p>Disables apps on the login screen. By default, they are allowed and can be installed through policy.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>short-merge-session-timeout-for-test</code> </summary><div><p>Use a short (1 second) timeout for merge session loader throttle testing.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>scheduler-configuration</code> </summary><div><p>Selects the scheduler configuration specified in the parameter.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>conservative</code> </summary><div><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>performance</code> </summary><div><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>scheduler-configuration-default</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies what the default scheduler configuration value is if the user does not set one.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>help</code> </summary><div><p>These flags show the man page on Linux. They are equivalent to each other.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_POSIX) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>h</code> </summary><div><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_POSIX) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>class</code> </summary><div><p>The same as the --class argument in X applications.  Overrides the WM_CLASS window property with the given value.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_POSIX) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>apps-keep-chrome-alive-in-tests</code> </summary><div><p>Prevents Chrome from quitting when Chrome Apps are open.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-user-metrics</code> </summary><div><p>Enable user metrics from within the installer.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>metrics-client-id</code> </summary><div><p>This is how the metrics client ID is passed from the browser process to its children. With Crashpad, the metrics client ID is distinct from the crash client ID.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>relauncher</code> </summary><div><p>A process type (switches::kProcessType) that relaunches the browser. See chrome/browser/mac/relauncher.h.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>dmg-device</code> </summary><div><p>When switches::kProcessType is switches::kRelauncherProcess, if this switch is also present, the relauncher process will unmount and eject a mounted disk image and move its disk image file to the trash.  The argument's value must be a BSD device name of the form "diskN" or "diskNsM".</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>make-chrome-default</code> </summary><div><p>Indicates whether Chrome should be set as the default browser during installation.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>code-sign-clone-cleanup</code> </summary><div><p>A process type (switches::kProcessType) that cleans up the browser's temporary code sign clone.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>unique-temp-dir-suffix</code> </summary><div><p>When switches::kProcessType is switches::kCodeSignCloneCleanupProcess this switch is required. The value must be the unique suffix portion of the temporary directory that contains the clone. The full path will be reconstructed by the cleanup process.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-profile-shortcut-manager</code> </summary><div><p>Force-enables the profile shortcut manager. This is needed for tests since they use a custom-user-data-dir which disables this.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>hide-icons</code> </summary><div><p>Makes Windows happy by allowing it to show "Enable access to this program" checkbox in Add/Remove Programs->Set Program Access and Defaults. This only shows an error box because the only way to hide Chrome is by uninstalling it.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-network-profile-warning</code> </summary><div><p>Whether or not the browser should warn if the profile is on a network share. This flag is only relevant for Windows currently.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>no-pre-read-main-dll</code> </summary><div><p>Whether this process should PrefetchVirtualMemory on the contents of Chrome.dll. This warms up the pages in memory to speed up startup but might not be required in later renderers and/or GPU. For experiment info see crbug.com/1350257.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>notification-inline-reply</code> </summary><div><p>Used in combination with kNotificationLaunchId to specify the inline reply entered in the toast in the Windows Action Center.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>notification-launch-id</code> </summary><div><p>Used for launching Chrome when a toast displayed in the Windows Action Center has been activated. Should contain the launch ID encoded by Chrome.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>show-icons</code> </summary><div><p>See kHideIcons.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>source-shortcut</code> </summary><div><p>When rendezvousing with an existing process, used to pass the path of the shortcut that launched the new Chrome process. This is used to record launch metrics.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>uninstall</code> </summary><div><p>Runs un-installation steps that were done by chrome first-run.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>uninstall-app-id</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies that the WebApp with the specified id should be uninstalled.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>pwa-launcher-version</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies the version of the Progressive-Web-App launcher that launched Chrome, used to determine whether to update all launchers. NOTE: changing this switch requires adding legacy handling for the previous method, as older PWA launchers still using this switch will rely on Chrome to update them to use the new method.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>debug-print</code> </summary><div><p>Enables support to debug printing subsystem.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(ENABLE_PRINT_PREVIEW) && !defined(OFFICIAL_BUILD)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-nacl-crxfs-api</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies comma-separated list of extension ids or hosts to grant access to CRX file system APIs.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(ENABLE_PLUGINS)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-nacl-file-handle-api</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies comma-separated list of extension ids or hosts to grant access to file handle APIs.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(ENABLE_PLUGINS)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>allow-nacl-socket-api</code> </summary><div><p>Specifies comma-separated list of extension ids or hosts to grant access to TCP/UDP socket APIs.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(ENABLE_PLUGINS)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>enable-new-app-menu-icon</code> </summary><div><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_LINUX) || BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS) || BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) || \</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>guest</code> </summary><div><p>Causes the browser to launch directly in guest mode.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_LINUX) || BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS) || BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) || \</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>list-apps</code> </summary><div><p>Writes open and installed web apps for each profile to the specified file without launching a new browser window or tab. Pass a absolute file path to specify where to output the information. Can be used together with optional --profile-base-name switch to only write information for a given profile.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_LINUX) || BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) || BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>profile-base-name</code> </summary><div><p>Pass the basename of the profile directory to specify which profile to get information. Only relevant when used with --list-apps switch.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_LINUX) || BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) || BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>profile-management-attributes</code> </summary><div><p>Domains and associated SAML attributes for which third-party profile management should be enabled. Input should be in JSON format.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_LINUX) || BUILDFLAG(IS_MAC) || BUILDFLAG(IS_WIN)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>webapk-server-url</code> </summary><div><p>Custom WebAPK server URL for the sake of testing.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH) || BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>use-system-default-printer</code> </summary><div><p>Uses the system default printer as the initially selected destination in print preview, instead of the most recently used destination.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>!BUILDFLAG(IS_CHROMEOS_ASH) && !BUILDFLAG(IS_ANDROID)</code></p></div></details>
<details><summary><code>user-data-migrated</code> </summary><div><p>Indicates that this process is the product of a relaunch following migration of User Data.</p><p>CONDITION: <code>BUILDFLAG(ENABLE_DOWNGRADE_PROCESSING)</code></p></div></details>
